# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 25ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 23ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 24ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 21ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 21ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 16ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 17ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 34ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 36ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 33ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 35ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 24ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 25ms

# C/C++ build system timings
create_cxx_tasks
  create-initial-cxx-model 25ms
create_cxx_tasks completed in 26ms

